Scoping what Guests can search (#2295)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-SkypeForBusiness: Teams/guest-access-checklist.md

- Create or revise a team
- Browse for a team
- Upload files to a person-to-person chat

> - Guests can still search and find users, outside their team, if they know their full email ID. To prevent this, IT admins can use patterns like [scoped directory search](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/MicrosoftTeams/teams-scoped-directory-search) that have the ability to restrict Guests into their own virtual GAL.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Guests can still search and find users outside their team if they know their full email ID. To prevent this, IT admins can use patterns like [scoped directory search](https://docs.microsoft.com/MicrosoftTeams/teams-scoped-directory-search) that have the ability to restrict guests into their own virtual global address list.
```
